Looks like you've got me
Du Chen
There is no way out for the newlywed entertainment to stay in your hands
Now Xingyao Media has the greatest promotion
It is completely possible to support them as top streaming live streaming hosts.
If I said I would not only be fine today
It's going to be great.
Can you believe it?
I see you guy
There are only left and right all over the body
Also big transfer special transfer
When the company goes bankrupt, you won't have time to cry
Du Chen
If you admit it now, I can still look up to you
The more you do this, the more I will look down on you
Good grandpa
I'm telling the truth.
Miss Lin, you haven't seen me again
Of course you know me so well
In Giang Province
Who doesn't know the name of your Du family trash?
Is that right? It turns out that Miss Lin just investigated me.
I didn't investigate you.
That's all good.
So far
Do you still want to grasp the turnaround?
Lin Lao
Breaking off your marriage with me is the biggest loss for your family.
You and I look at your whole body
Pay for the loss of your neighbor
It's not afraid of being laughed at if it spreads out.
Yeah, still too young.
Song Yao, let's go
Time up.